ms windows dedicated configure script (#50)
3liz/lizmap-docker-compose: README.md

In order to user Docker on Windows you may install [Docker desktop for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/install/)

If you have some distribution installed (Ubuntu, ...) in WSL, you can simply run the linux command as above, once in it. 

> Or in powershell, run the folloinwg command to setup some files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or in PowerShell, run the following command to set up some files
```

* Setup is a noun, for the verb, it's two words : https://grammarist.com/spelling/set-up-vs-setup/
* Maybe a add a quick sentence that the QGIS server version is hard-coded ?
